1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

    I chose to use Python because that is the language I am most comfortable using. I participate in Auburn's Competitive programming team,
    and we use Python because the syntax is easy and the solutions are very readable. 

    I used Visual Studio Code as my IDE because it's something I'm very comfortable with.
    I used the os module to validate that the input file exists.
    I used the sys module to read the command line input.
    I used the csv module because it's the easiest way to read a CSV file in python.
    I used the json module to convert the data to a JSON object as implied by the coding exercise's instructions.
    I used the namedTuple module from collections to make my code easier to read and understand.

    These libraries are all included in the standard python library.


2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

    The advantage of my solution is that it is clean, very readable, and efficient. I also output the final_balances of the payers to a JSON
    file which is much more useful than just printing the data to the terminal.

    The disadvantages are that my solution could be much faster if I chose to use a language like C. My solution's average time complexity is
    O(NLogN) where N is the number of transactions in the CSV file. This could be faster if I could avoid sorting the data, but I don't think
    it is possible to not sort the data and still solve the problem.


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

    My Favorite project I have worked on so far is one of my personal projects called Music Meet (https://github.com/owenstrength/MusicMeet). 
    The idea is to use people's Spotify listening data, this mobile app connects people with similar music tastes. 
    I haven't finished it yet, but I've learned so many awesome tools and technologies building Music Meet.
    I've learned how to use React-Native and No-SQL databases such as MongoDB. I've learned how to make an aesthetically pleasing frontend with a 
    friendly user experience. The most challenging part about this program is that I'm learning as I work on this project. I have never used 
    React-Native before this. I've never done any mobile development and it's not in my school curriculum. The most valuable thing I have learned
    working on this project is how to learn new things effectivity and efficiently.